Add a warning in PDR-W-18681384 (#1428)
salesforcecli/plugin-deploy-retrieve: messages/deploy.metadata.md

# apiVersionMsgDetailed

%s %s metadata to %s using the v%s %s API.

# noSourceTrackingWarning

> Starting in December 2025, this command will require source tracking support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in December 2025, this command will require that the target org use source tracking.
```
